An unbalanced data set.
So we need to apply some sampling techniques.
We need to get creative on this.
Let's go over first what is sampling Exactly.
There are different sampling techniques we can apply.
Basically we can classify those in under sampling or oversampling.
Suppose we covered that composed by six mates of three females.
The data set is clearly on balance if we understand all that said we could get free females and free
out of the six mates we would be using the information and sometimes valuable information on the other
hand if we are a sample that said we would get all the six males and we would need to duplicate their
three females.
So we call it balance we would be creating and accessing information if we decide to and there are some
people we will need to define which information we will do in our training process.
Usually we do this by just doing a random sample.
But this is not always the case.
The information that you have left after DNA sample should be representative of the entire data set.
On the other hand if our sample we would need to create new information a possible oversampled technique
is called smart and we will be using these for our problem small synthetic minority or sambal technique
to get an idea of how small it works.
It just create a new vector between two existing data points.
For example in the picture that we're seeing your end point I created based on that by Boynes.
That we know what our Something options are let's apply them to our problem to see if we can improve
our performance.